HTML to print
=============

This is an example document to test different layout features to design printed
documents with HTML/CSS/Javascript.
[Clone the repository](http://osp.constantvzw.org/tools/html2print/).

splinter fields is an initiative of brussels based organizations active within
the fields of technological and media arts (constant, foam, nadine and okno) to
foster collaborative, agile and flexible learning. the programme of workshops,
study-groups and field-tests is open to artists, designers, technologists and
other generalists curious to explore tools and mindware for experiments in
contemporary culture and daily life.

undertype was originally built as an educationnal platform to make apparent the
processes that a typesetting engine may go through. it was purposely
rudimentary and bare. for todays purpose, pierre built a version that allows
for copying and pasting functions. we may take these abilities for granted, but
they didn't necessarely fit in the original idea of the program. undertype
imitates a linotype machine as is sets slugs of text line by line and one by
one. reenacting digitally what these machines did with masters and hot lead.

the imagined workflow will be to use both laidout and undertype: undertype will
be the tool to set the text in sections. this combination came about as laidout
does not enable text setting functions. outputted pdf files from undertype will
be rasterised and imported into laidout as images (the idea from the beggining
is to print the flyers on a risograph machine) then images, logos, etc will be
laidout in laidout.


Test of image resolution
------------------------

![](img/collaborative-plotting.png){: data-alt-src="img/collaborative-plotting.png" }


splinter fields is an initiative of brussels based organizations active within
the fields of technological and media arts (constant, foam, nadine and okno) to
foster collaborative, agile and flexible.


I'm a heading and I don't want to be alone. {: .region-break }
--------------------------------------------------------------

[Let's see what's next.](#come-here)

undertype was originally built as an educationnal platform to make apparent the
processes that a typesetting engine may go through. it was purposely
rudimentary and bare. for todays purpose, pierre built a version that allows
for copying and pasting functions. we may take these abilities for granted, but
they didn't necessarely fit in the original idea of the program. undertype
imitates a linotype machine as is sets slugs of text line by line and one by
one. reenacting digitally what these machines did with masters and hot lead.
undertype was originally built as an educationnal platform to make apparent the
processes that a typesetting engine may go through. it was purposely
rudimentary and bare. for todays purpose, pierre built a version that allows
for copying and pasting functions. we may take these abilities for granted, but
they didn't necessarely fit in the original idea of the program. undertype
imitates a linotype machine as is sets slugs of text line by line and one by
one. reenacting digitally what these machines did with masters and hot lead.

the imagined workflow will be to use both laidout and undertype: undertype will
be the tool to set the text in sections. this combination came about as laidout
does not enable text setting functions. outputted pdf files from undertype will
be rasterised and imported into laidout as images (the idea from the beggining
is to print the flyers on a risograph machine) then images, logos, etc will be
laidout in laidout.

![](img/collaborative-plotting.png)

splinter fields is an initiative of brussels based organizations active within
the fields of technological and media arts (constant, foam, nadine and okno) to
foster collaborative, agile and flexible learning. the programme of workshops,
study-groups and field-tests is open to artists, designers, technologists and
other generalists curious to explore tools and mindware for experiments in
contemporary culture and daily life.

undertype was originally built as an educationnal platform to make apparent the
processes that a typesetting engine may go through. it was purposely
rudimentary and bare. for todays purpose, pierre built a version that allows
for copying and pasting functions. we may take these abilities for granted, but
they didn't necessarely fit in the original idea of the program. undertype
imitates a linotype machine as is sets slugs of text line by line and one by
one. reenacting digitally what these machines did with masters and hot lead.


<div class="region-break"></div>

the imagined workflow will be to use both laidout and undertype: undertype will
be the tool to set the text in sections. this combination came about as laidout
does not enable text setting functions. outputted pdf files from undertype will
be rasterised and imported into laidout as images (the idea from the beggining
is to print the flyers on a risograph machine) then images, logos, etc will be
laidout in laidout.

I'm a heading and I want to be linked. {: .region-break }
---------------------------------------------------------

![](img/collaborative-plotting.png)

splinter fields is an initiative of brussels based organizations active within
the fields of technological and media arts (constant, foam, nadine and okno) to
foster collaborative, agile and flexible learning. the programme of workshops,
study-groups and field-tests is open to artists, designers, technologists and
other generalists curious to explore tools and mindware for experiments in
contemporary culture and daily life.

undertype was originally built as an educationnal platform to make apparent the
processes that a typesetting engine may go through. it was purposely
rudimentary and bare. for todays purpose, pierre built a version that allows
for copying and pasting functions. we may take these abilities for granted, but
they didn't necessarely fit in the original idea of the program. undertype
imitates a linotype machine as is sets slugs of text line by line and one by
one. reenacting digitally what these machines did with masters and hot lead.

the imagined workflow will be to use both laidout and undertype: undertype will
be the tool to set the text in sections. this combination came about as laidout
does not enable text setting functions. outputted pdf files from undertype will
be rasterised and imported into laidout as images (the idea from the beggining
is to print the flyers on a risograph machine) then images, logos, etc will be
laidout in laidout.

![](img/collaborative-plotting.png)

splinter fields is an initiative of brussels based organizations active within
the fields of technological and media arts (constant, foam, nadine and okno) to
foster collaborative, agile and flexible learning. the programme of workshops,
study-groups and field-tests is open to artists, designers, technologists and
other generalists curious to explore tools and mindware for experiments in
contemporary culture and daily life.

undertype was originally built as an educationnal platform to make apparent the
processes that a typesetting engine may go through. it was purposely
rudimentary and bare. for todays purpose, pierre built a version that allows
for copying and pasting functions. we may take these abilities for granted, but
they didn't necessarely fit in the original idea of the program. undertype
imitates a linotype machine as is sets slugs of text line by line and one by
one. reenacting digitally what these machines did with masters and hot lead.

the imagined workflow will be to use both laidout and undertype: undertype will
be the tool to set the text in sections. this combination came about as laidout
does not enable text setting functions. outputted pdf files from undertype will
be rasterised and imported into laidout as images (the idea from the beggining
is to print the flyers on a risograph machine) then images, logos, etc will be
laidout in laidout.
